readme.md, before:

# How to work with Git


![git_logo](logo.png)


git add . or git add <file_name> - adding after saving file before commit

git add -f <file_name> - add file to git even that file in .gitignore file

git rm --cached <file_name> - remove file from tracked git files

git commit -m '<commit_name>' or git commit -am '<commit_name>' for add+commit - for commits

git commit --amend -m ‘<commit_name>’ - to change a last commit if didn't send to remote repo yet

git log or git log -p or git log —graph or git log --oneline  - for logs

git log HEAD^^ or git log HEAD~<number> - show log from <number> commit from HEAD

git checkout <commit_number> - for looking prev commit

git checkout master - move to main branch

git checkout -b <branch_name> - create a branch and move there

git branch - list of branches

git branch <branch_name> - add branch

git branch -d <branch_name> - delete branch

git merge <another_branch> - to merge branches, from <another_branch> to current branch, git merge --abort - abort

git diff - different with last commit

git diff <commit_number> - different with &commit_number&

git diff --staged - different between git add

git clone address - clone repo

git remote add origin address - set a remote address as origin

git branch -M master - set a main branch as master

git push -u origin master - push to origin address

git push - push local repo to remote repo if already set


file .gitignore - inside this file write all untracked files, after that add .gitignore to git and commit

Commit message:

add info about git pull

readme.md, after:

# How to work with Git


![git_logo](logo.png)


git add . or git add <file_name> - adding after saving file before commit

git add -f <file_name> - add file to git even that file in .gitignore file

git rm --cached <file_name> - remove file from tracked git files

git commit -m '<commit_name>' or git commit -am '<commit_name>' for add+commit - for commits

git commit --amend -m ‘<commit_name>’ - to change a last commit if didn't send to remote repo yet

git log or git log -p or git log —graph or git log --oneline  - for logs

git log HEAD^^ or git log HEAD~<number> - show log from <number> commit from HEAD

git checkout <commit_number> - for looking prev commit

git checkout master - move to main branch

git checkout -b <branch_name> - create a branch and move there

git branch - list of branches

git branch <branch_name> - add branch

git branch -d <branch_name> - delete branch

git merge <another_branch> - to merge branches, from <another_branch> to current branch, git merge --abort - abort

git diff - different with last commit

git diff <commit_number> - different with &commit_number&

git diff --staged - different between git add

git clone address - clone repo

git remote add origin address - set a remote address as origin

git branch -M master - set a main branch as master

git push -u origin master - push to origin address

git push - push local repo to remote repo if already set

git pull - update code from remote repo and merge to local repo


file .gitignore - inside this file write all untracked files, after that add .gitignore to git and commit
